README.md, before:

# pythonLibrary

It is the library what makes building a project easy.

Log.py is made to log a program by printing and storing.
System.py and Component.py make building a system easy.
DictList is the data structure to control data easily and efficiently.

This has being implemented by your contribution.
I am likely waiting a any kind of contribution.


# Getting Started

This is the only library to be used by any kind of project.
You can clone this in your project and import files.
I would like to recommend to store pythonLibrary in your project folder.

Source code have documentation to explain what is, how to use.
And also examples are located in root folder, pythonLibrary.py.
I draw diagrams to let you understand the library too.
Please check doc folder.


# Contributing

If you have any request, please new issue and give me an idea.
The library is started to improve my skill and share the result.


# Authors

Theodore Won - Owner of this project


# License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details

Commit message:

Change the folder structure, Add setup.py

README.md, after:

> Please do not use this framework before version 1.0.0 (official release)

# theo-framework

It is the framework what makes building a project easy.

DictList is the data structure to control data easily and efficiently.
Log is made to log a program by printing and storing.
System and Component make building a system easy.

I am likely waiting a any kind of contribution.


# How to use this framework

To install the framework : 'pip install theo-framework'  
To import : 'from theo.framework import DictList, Log, System, Component'

To get a help : 'print(DictList.__doc__)'  
To get a help : 'print(Log.__doc__)'  
To get a help : 'print(System.__doc__)'  
To get a help : 'print(Component.__doc__)'


# Contributing

If you have any request, please new issue and give me an idea.


# Release

1. python setup.py bdist_wheel
2. cd dist
3. twine upload xxx.whl

# Authors

Theodore Won - Owner of this project


# License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details


# Links

Github : https://github.com/TheodoreWon/python-theo-framework
PyPI : https://pypi.org/project/theo-framework/
